Hi Karon,

Thank you so much for your help getting documents yesterday! I've been busy going through the rather large pile and filling in the gaps in my timeline.

I have some additional requests if you're able to scan more documents and send them. If possible, I'd like to get access to all available documents associated with 338-0303 and 338-0594. I also noticed references to 438-0706 (as opposed to 338-0706 which is the file I think I looked at yesterday) in the 2021_11_17 Order of Conditions denial. I wasn't sure if that might have been a typo or represented another document?  Finally, what is WET-2016_022? Is that something the WCC might have on file?  I'm happy to come in again if that's necessary or better for you... not sure how many pages all that might represent!!

Below are links to the letters that I brought in yesterday. I predict these will change, maybe quite a lot, as I continue to do more research and learn more about the history and facts of the case and how the law works... but if anything jumps out that you, or town counsel if you think that's appropriate, have guidance on I'd appreciate it! I want to try to keep these substantive and relevant and could use input on how to get them into the right hands in the right form.  (In particular I'd really like to understand what would be effective prior to the September WCC meeting beyond just preparing for the Public Hearing.)

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XqBJjFqbXGKIyikNQZMzPyUSU6W0EAPF37DNyGwe-i8/edit?usp=sharing

https://docs.google.com/document/d/10vu3tgKfR44fXp4CjzOjX-6Q1a1kYumH9iTmVbqL_pI/edit?usp=sharing

When I get a bit further along processing all the background info, I plan to add another letter pointing out the change in plan from dam repair to removal as a basis for re-filing the NOI.

Finally, I'm planning to reach out to Brian Donahoe when I have things a little more in order to see if he'd be willing to offer his insights. If you could direct me to any one else familiar with the history that might be good to talk with, I'd very much appreciate it!

Thank you again, Karon!!